Release/sdk 0.2.0 (#66)
iExecBlockchainComputing/web3mail-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [0.2.0]

> ### Changed
> 
> - add content type to sendEmail method (you can send plain text or a html type content)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- add optional `contentType: 'text/plain' | 'text/html'` (default `'text/plain'`) to `sendEmail` method (you can send plain text or a html type content)
```
